README.md, before:

# SleekFlow Platform

## IP Addresses

### East Asia

```
[//]: # (sleekflow-prod-api -  Automations / WeChat)
52.184.94.249,52.184.95.38,52.184.95.82,52.184.95.116,52.184.95.127,52.184.95.138,20.189.109.96
52.184.90.179,52.184.90.198,52.184.90.246,52.184.91.107,52.184.91.139,52.184.91.164,52.184.92.174,52.184.93.4,52.184.93.86,52.184.94.71,52.184.94.137,52.184.94.178,52.184.94.249,52.184.95.38,52.184.95.82,52.184.95.116,52.184.95.127,52.184.95.138,52.184.95.153,52.184.95.217,52.184.95.227,52.184.95.236,52.229.248.18,20.189.78.238,52.229.248.45,52.139.152.34,52.229.248.60,52.139.173.240,52.139.173.246,52.139.173.250,20.189.109.96

[//]: # (sleekflow-core-app-eas-production -  Automations / WeChat)
52.184.91.234,52.184.92.50,52.184.94.48,52.184.95.34,52.184.95.54,52.184.95.113,20.189.104.97
52.139.156.0,52.139.157.114,52.139.157.140,52.139.159.196,52.139.159.252,52.184.90.49,52.184.91.27,52.184.91.66,52.184.91.124,52.184.91.141,52.184.91.167,52.184.91.207,52.184.91.234,52.184.92.50,52.184.94.48,52.184.95.34,52.184.95.54,52.184.95.113,40.83.115.124,13.75.73.169,13.94.35.121,40.83.79.190,13.75.113.49,13.75.113.110,20.189.104.97

[//]: # (sleekflow-core-worker-app-eas-production -  Automations / WeChat)
52.184.91.234,52.184.92.50,52.184.94.48,52.184.95.34,52.184.95.54,52.184.95.113,20.189.104.97
52.139.156.0,52.139.157.114,52.139.157.140,52.139.159.196,52.139.159.252,52.184.90.49,52.184.91.27,52.184.91.66,52.184.91.124,52.184.91.141,52.184.91.167,52.184.91.207,52.184.91.234,52.184.92.50,52.184.94.48,52.184.95.34,52.184.95.54,52.184.95.113,40.83.115.124,13.75.73.169,13.94.35.121,40.83.79.190,13.75.113.49,13.75.113.110,20.189.104.97

[//]: # (sleekflow-container-apps-env5e4cad6b - Flow Builder)
20.239.119.98, 20.24.232.143, 20.255.193.234, 20.189.94.36
```

### East US

```
[//]: # (sleekflow-core-app-eus-production -  Automations / WeChat)
20.121.238.179,20.121.238.186,20.121.238.209,20.121.238.214,20.121.238.229,20.121.238.255,20.119.16.46
20.121.239.15,20.121.239.32,20.121.239.49,20.121.239.87,20.241.240.24,20.241.240.205,20.81.78.28,20.81.79.7,20.121.237.55,20.121.237.115,20.121.237.200,20.121.237.206,20.121.238.36,20.121.238.85,20.121.238.109,20.121.238.112,20.121.238.158,20.121.238.172,20.121.238.179,20.121.238.186,20.121.238.209,20.121.238.214,20.121.238.229,20.121.238.255,20.121.239.15,20.121.239.32,20.121.239.49,20.121.239.87,20.241.240.24,20.241.240.205,20.241.240.226,20.241.241.4,20.241.241.31,20.241.241.34,20.241.241.41,20.241.241.52,20.119.16.46

[//]: # (sleekflow-container-apps-env5e4cad6b - Flow Builder)
20.239.119.98, 20.24.232.143, 20.255.193.234, 20.189.94.36
```

### South East Asia

```
[//]: # (sleekflow-core-app-seas-production -  Automations / WeChat)
20.198.191.30,20.198.191.224,20.205.240.50,20.205.240.61,20.205.240.253,20.205.241.1,20.212.64.16
20.205.241.35,20.205.241.53,20.205.241.58,20.205.241.81,20.205.241.114,20.198.191.118,20.44.210.190,20.198.128.32,20.198.184.108,20.198.186.124,20.198.189.158,20.198.190.32,20.198.190.127,20.198.190.155,20.198.190.178,20.198.191.7,20.198.191.9,20.198.191.23,20.198.191.30,20.198.191.224,20.205.240.50,20.205.240.61,20.205.240.253,20.205.241.1,20.205.241.35,20.205.241.53,20.205.241.58,20.205.241.81,20.205.241.114,20.198.191.118,20.205.241.129,20.205.241.153,20.205.241.155,20.205.241.166,20.205.241.173,20.205.241.178,20.212.64.16

[//]: # (sleekflow-container-apps-env5e4cad6b - Flow Builder)
20.239.119.98, 20.24.232.143, 20.255.193.234, 20.189.94.36
```

### West Europe

```
[//]: # (sleekflow-core-app-weu-production -  Automations / WeChat)
20.8.42.92,20.8.42.104,20.8.42.132,20.8.42.140,20.8.42.183,20.8.42.191,20.105.216.48,20.8.42.222,20.8.42.236,20.8.43.10,20.8.43.20,20.8.43.33,20.8.43.54,4.175.153.207,4.175.159.171,4.175.156.169,4.175.159.130,20.8.40.20,20.8.41.102,20.8.41.167,4.175.156.31,20.8.41.170,20.8.42.4,20.8.42.64,20.8.42.86,20.8.42.92,20.8.42.104,20.8.42.132,20.8.42.140,20.8.42.183,20.8.42.191,20.8.42.222,20.8.42.236,20.8.43.10,20.8.43.20,20.8.43.33,20.8.43.54,20.8.43.57,20.8.43.84,20.8.43.124,20.8.43.160,20.8.43.169,20.8.43.181,20.105.216.48

[//]: # (sleekflow-container-apps-env5e4cad6b - Flow Builder)
20.239.119.98, 20.24.232.143, 20.255.193.234, 20.189.94.36
```

### UAE North

```
[//]: # (sleekflow-core-app-uaen-production -  Automations / WeChat)
20.174.40.113,20.174.41.216,20.174.41.217,20.174.40.96,20.174.41.218,20.174.41.219,20.74.192.3,20.174.40.224,20.174.40.225,20.174.40.227,20.174.40.228,20.174.40.33,20.174.40.229,20.174.40.251,20.174.41.41,20.174.41.42,20.174.41.43,20.174.41.69,20.174.40.252,20.174.41.77,20.174.41.78,20.174.41.80,20.174.41.81,20.174.41.82,20.174.41.83,20.174.40.113,20.174.41.216,20.174.41.217,20.174.40.96,20.174.41.218,20.174.41.219,20.174.40.230,20.174.40.216,20.174.40.231,20.174.41.208,20.174.41.209,20.174.41.210,20.74.192.3

[//]: # (sleekflow-container-apps-env5e4cad6b - Flow Builder)
20.239.119.98, 20.24.232.143, 20.255.193.234, 20.189.94.36
```

Commit message:

Revise static IP addresses and add engineering note
Updated static IP addresses and added notification instructions.

README.md, after:

# SleekFlow Platform

## IP Addresses

### East Asia

```
[//]: # (sleekflow-prod-api -  Automations / WeChat)
52.184.94.249,52.184.95.38,52.184.95.82,52.184.95.116,52.184.95.127,52.184.95.138,20.189.109.96
52.184.90.179,52.184.90.198,52.184.90.246,52.184.91.107,52.184.91.139,52.184.91.164,52.184.92.174,52.184.93.4,52.184.93.86,52.184.94.71,52.184.94.137,52.184.94.178,52.184.94.249,52.184.95.38,52.184.95.82,52.184.95.116,52.184.95.127,52.184.95.138,52.184.95.153,52.184.95.217,52.184.95.227,52.184.95.236,52.229.248.18,20.189.78.238,52.229.248.45,52.139.152.34,52.229.248.60,52.139.173.240,52.139.173.246,52.139.173.250,20.189.109.96

[//]: # (sleekflow-core-app-eas-production -  Automations / WeChat)
52.184.91.234,52.184.92.50,52.184.94.48,52.184.95.34,52.184.95.54,52.184.95.113,20.189.104.97
52.139.156.0,52.139.157.114,52.139.157.140,52.139.159.196,52.139.159.252,52.184.90.49,52.184.91.27,52.184.91.66,52.184.91.124,52.184.91.141,52.184.91.167,52.184.91.207,52.184.91.234,52.184.92.50,52.184.94.48,52.184.95.34,52.184.95.54,52.184.95.113,40.83.115.124,13.75.73.169,13.94.35.121,40.83.79.190,13.75.113.49,13.75.113.110,20.189.104.97

[//]: # (sleekflow-core-worker-app-eas-production -  Automations / WeChat)
52.184.91.234,52.184.92.50,52.184.94.48,52.184.95.34,52.184.95.54,52.184.95.113,20.189.104.97
52.139.156.0,52.139.157.114,52.139.157.140,52.139.159.196,52.139.159.252,52.184.90.49,52.184.91.27,52.184.91.66,52.184.91.124,52.184.91.141,52.184.91.167,52.184.91.207,52.184.91.234,52.184.92.50,52.184.94.48,52.184.95.34,52.184.95.54,52.184.95.113,40.83.115.124,13.75.73.169,13.94.35.121,40.83.79.190,13.75.113.49,13.75.113.110,20.189.104.97

[//]: # (sleekflow-container-apps-env5e4cad6b - Flow Builder)
20.189.94.36 
* Please notify the engineering team to enable the static IP address for Flow Builder
```

### East US

```
[//]: # (sleekflow-core-app-eus-production -  Automations / WeChat)
20.121.238.179,20.121.238.186,20.121.238.209,20.121.238.214,20.121.238.229,20.121.238.255,20.119.16.46
20.121.239.15,20.121.239.32,20.121.239.49,20.121.239.87,20.241.240.24,20.241.240.205,20.81.78.28,20.81.79.7,20.121.237.55,20.121.237.115,20.121.237.200,20.121.237.206,20.121.238.36,20.121.238.85,20.121.238.109,20.121.238.112,20.121.238.158,20.121.238.172,20.121.238.179,20.121.238.186,20.121.238.209,20.121.238.214,20.121.238.229,20.121.238.255,20.121.239.15,20.121.239.32,20.121.239.49,20.121.239.87,20.241.240.24,20.241.240.205,20.241.240.226,20.241.241.4,20.241.241.31,20.241.241.34,20.241.241.41,20.241.241.52,20.119.16.46

[//]: # (sleekflow-container-apps-env5e4cad6b - Flow Builder)
20.189.94.36 
* Please notify the engineering team to enable the static IP address for Flow Builder
```

### South East Asia

```
[//]: # (sleekflow-core-app-seas-production -  Automations / WeChat)
20.198.191.30,20.198.191.224,20.205.240.50,20.205.240.61,20.205.240.253,20.205.241.1,20.212.64.16
20.205.241.35,20.205.241.53,20.205.241.58,20.205.241.81,20.205.241.114,20.198.191.118,20.44.210.190,20.198.128.32,20.198.184.108,20.198.186.124,20.198.189.158,20.198.190.32,20.198.190.127,20.198.190.155,20.198.190.178,20.198.191.7,20.198.191.9,20.198.191.23,20.198.191.30,20.198.191.224,20.205.240.50,20.205.240.61,20.205.240.253,20.205.241.1,20.205.241.35,20.205.241.53,20.205.241.58,20.205.241.81,20.205.241.114,20.198.191.118,20.205.241.129,20.205.241.153,20.205.241.155,20.205.241.166,20.205.241.173,20.205.241.178,20.212.64.16

[//]: # (sleekflow-container-apps-env5e4cad6b - Flow Builder)
20.189.94.36 
* Please notify the engineering team to enable the static IP address for Flow Builder```

### West Europe

```
[//]: # (sleekflow-core-app-weu-production -  Automations / WeChat)
20.8.42.92,20.8.42.104,20.8.42.132,20.8.42.140,20.8.42.183,20.8.42.191,20.105.216.48,20.8.42.222,20.8.42.236,20.8.43.10,20.8.43.20,20.8.43.33,20.8.43.54,4.175.153.207,4.175.159.171,4.175.156.169,4.175.159.130,20.8.40.20,20.8.41.102,20.8.41.167,4.175.156.31,20.8.41.170,20.8.42.4,20.8.42.64,20.8.42.86,20.8.42.92,20.8.42.104,20.8.42.132,20.8.42.140,20.8.42.183,20.8.42.191,20.8.42.222,20.8.42.236,20.8.43.10,20.8.43.20,20.8.43.33,20.8.43.54,20.8.43.57,20.8.43.84,20.8.43.124,20.8.43.160,20.8.43.169,20.8.43.181,20.105.216.48

[//]: # (sleekflow-container-apps-env5e4cad6b - Flow Builder)
20.189.94.36 
* Please notify the engineering team to enable the static IP address for Flow Builder```

### UAE North

```
[//]: # (sleekflow-core-app-uaen-production -  Automations / WeChat)
20.174.40.113,20.174.41.216,20.174.41.217,20.174.40.96,20.174.41.218,20.174.41.219,20.74.192.3,20.174.40.224,20.174.40.225,20.174.40.227,20.174.40.228,20.174.40.33,20.174.40.229,20.174.40.251,20.174.41.41,20.174.41.42,20.174.41.43,20.174.41.69,20.174.40.252,20.174.41.77,20.174.41.78,20.174.41.80,20.174.41.81,20.174.41.82,20.174.41.83,20.174.40.113,20.174.41.216,20.174.41.217,20.174.40.96,20.174.41.218,20.174.41.219,20.174.40.230,20.174.40.216,20.174.40.231,20.174.41.208,20.174.41.209,20.174.41.210,20.74.192.3

[//]: # (sleekflow-container-apps-env5e4cad6b - Flow Builder)
20.189.94.36 
* Please notify the engineering team to enable the static IP address for Flow Builder```
